this is the story of a world
obsessed with material goods and the
history of a system in crisis
we're destroying the planet we're in
destroying each other and we are not
not even having fun the positive thing is
that when we begin to understand the system
we begin to see so many points on which
intervene to transform these
problems in solutions history
bottled water
the difficulty in trying to use less
things that sometimes we seem to have
really need that you would do if you dress
for example in cleveland and wanted a
glass of water
you would risk taking it from
tap or you would look for a bottle
of water that comes from the forests
downpipes of the fiji the water mark
end he thought that the answer to
this question was obvious so they have
made an entire advertising campaign
on this it was one of the most moves
stupid in the history of advertising
the city of cleveland did not like it
be the object of ridicule of the physis
so they did tests and guess what
these tests showed that a
fiji quality water glass
lower
loses taste test against water
of the cleveland faucet and coast
thousands of times so much
this story is typical of when it is done
the comparison between bottled water and
tap is cleaner
sometimes yes sometimes not in many ways
bottled water and less
regulated tap water is
taste issue in the taste test in
the whole nation people prefer
always tap water
in the bottle
bottling companies say about
to fulfill are the demands of
consumers but that would require a
less sustainable and less tasty product e
far more expensive especially
when you can have it practically
free bottled water in the kitchen
costs 2,000 times that of the
tap
imagine paying 2 thousand times as much for
everything else
how about a 10 thousand euro sandwich
yet people in the united states
they buy more than half a billion
water bottles every week are
enough to surround the world beyond
five times
how it came to this well all
serious how our economy works
of materials is one of its factors
key known as built demand
if companies want to continue
grow must continue to sell
more and more material goods
in the 70s the big producers of
soft drinks bothered not to see
stabilize their prospects of
growth
there is a limit to the amount of soda that
a person can drink
moreover, after a while people would
understood that it is not so healthy and it would be
back to drinking tap water
so the companies found another
great idea in a design product
fool the most derided as a fad
of passage the water is free
people answered what else they want
sell us the air then how to succeed in
sell this niche product
simple we build the question like
you do
imagine you are in charge of
bottled water company as
people do not queue for
exchange their money hard
earned with useless products you make me
feel afraid of being unsure if
they didn't have it and that's exactly it
which made the water industry into
bottle
one of their first tactics of
marketing has been scaring people a
consume tap water with
announcements such as those of the physical campaign
when we're done, an executive says
bottled water
tap water will be relegated to
showers to wash dishes then
hides the reality of your product
behind images of pure fantasy
have you ever noticed how the water in
bottle tries to seduce us with images
of mountain rivulets and nature
uncontaminated
but guess where a third party comes from
of all the water bottles of the USA
from the tap the water up to della pepsi
and the da coca cola for example
it's just filtered tap water
but the lie of uncontaminated nature
goes much further in a recent announcement a
whole page the nestle said the water
bottled the consumer product more
environmentally friendly to the world that
what are they destroying the environment for
the entire product life cycle of
precise and environmentally friendly
the problem starts here with the extraction
production where oil is used
to make plastic bottles every
year to make the bottles used by
usa consumes oil and energy
enough to fill up a
million cars all that energy
shopping for making bottles yet
more to transport them around the
world and then we find about two
minutes
which leads to the big problem
the other end of the life cycle
waste disposal where they end up
all these bottles
eighty percent goes to the landfill where
they will remain for hundreds of years
or in incinerators that burn them
releasing toxic substances the rest is
collected for recycling
I was curious to know where the ends end
bottles that I put in the collection
differentiated
I discovered that naval cargoes were
lead to india
then I went there I will not forget
never when driving to madras I am
came face to face with one
mountain of plastic bottles from
california real recycling
would transform these bottles into others
bottles but this is not what it was
coming here instead of these bottles
they were destined to be worse than cycling
that is transformed into products of minor
qualities destined to become waste in
followed the parts that cannot be
worse cycled and thrown here
transported to India only for
be discharged in someone's garden
other
if bottled water companies
they want to use the mountains in theirs
labels would be more appropriate to
show these mountains
to frighten us and induce us into error
these strategies are all key parts
to build demand
once they built it all
this demand creating a new market
multi-billionaire defend him
massacring the competition but in this
competition case our right
basic human drink clean water e
safety
Pepsi's deputy said publicly
the greatest enemy the water of the
tap they want us to think that
dirty and that in the bottle is the
best alternative in many places
public polluted water thanks to
polluting companies such as industry
of plastic bottles and these
there are a lot of bottled water guys
happy to offer their expensive ones
solutions that keep us slaves of
their products
and time to go back to tap
let's start with the personal commitment of
don't buy or drink bottled water
unless the water in your community
it is not really unhealthy yes it takes a
bit of organization to take one
disabled bottle leaving home but
we can do it
so let's go to the next meal
let's take part in a campaign that works
for real solutions like requesting
investments in tap water
clean for everyone
in uses tap water in
debt of 24 billion dollars in
part because people think that water
to drink comes only from a bottle
all over the world right now a
billion people do not have access to
clean water
yet wherever the cities are spending
millions of dollars to manage the
plastic of the bottles we throw away
what it would be like if this money were
spent to improve our systems
water or still avoid pollution
which comes from them
there are many other things we can
do to solve the problem
request city ​​authorities of
put the fountains back and work for
ban the purchase of water bottles
in your school in your institution or whole
city
this is a huge possibility
wake up for millions of people e
protect our wallet
health and the planet
the good news is that all this is
already started selling water in
bottle started to collapse
while business is exploding for
reusable wow bottles
restaurants are serving water of the
tap and people choose to
save the hundreds of thousands of
dollars that would otherwise be throwing
take away with the bottled water bring with
itself bottled water is about to become
thread like pregnant smoking now we know
what could be better
the bottled water industry yes
is worrying because it is over
godsend
we will no longer buy thanks to them
question built thanks but now
we will choose our requests e
we will require safe and clean water for
all
dubbing the audio editing of alice
of the 5 stars palermo movement